# descending_order_elements_array_Heap_sort_algorithm 
 #Heap sort algorithm to find descending order elements of the array,Implimintation Python code 
In this solving problem, we try to develop an algorithm that finds a descending order in the unsorted list. The two algorithms were put in the context to give the correct answer and strategy to solve the initial goal of this problem, but everyone could be different in their efficiency so Far. First is a Brute force algorithm. In this algorithm, each element must be examined under the criteria of the sorting algorithm.  We copy the array to sort elements in descending order first, then we create a new array to store all orders of elements. Building a nested loop to iterate through two sorted arrays to assign each element to its corresponding descending order. In the last step, return the new array which contains the corresponding descending orders.
 The second algorithm is a Heap sort algorithm, Heap sort defines a binary heap, firstly, adding all elements to a heap and then removing the greater elements successively to collect a sorted list. So, we create a max heap from the given array. Then create an empty result array of the same size as the input array, and for each element in the input array, we remove it from the heap and add it to the result array at the position corresponding to its order. Then, Return the result array. The brute force algorithm takes a time complexity of O(n^2), and space complexity is O(n). A Heap sort algorithm has an O(nlogn) in the worst case, and O(n) in the best case, and the space complexity is O(1). 
In conclusion, a heap sort is more efficient than s brute force algorithm according to comparing these two algorithms.
